In this directory, there are 4 of the projects I have dimplemented:

The first project "Bank-Marketing-1" contains a binary classification and a multi-class classification on the Portuguese Bank Marketing dataset. Please refer to the README file inside the folder for more information. The project code, the dataset and the report are available in the folder "Bank-Marketing-1".

The second project "Bank-Marketing-2" works on Portuguese Bank Marketing dataset again. However, since this dataset is highly imbalanced, in this project, I first rebalance the dataset using three methods Oversampling, Under-sampling and Balanced sampling. Then, the classifiers are built on the new balanced dataset along with 10-fold cross-validation. Moreover, in this project, three benchmark datasets are used and various classifiers are built on them. Friedman’s test is then implemented to determine whether there is a statistically significant difference in the accuracies obtained from classifiers on all datasets. Please refer to the README inside the folder file for more information. The project code, the dataset and the report are available in the folder "Bank-Marketing-2".

The third project "Health-Care-Analysis" works on a health care dataset that contains the information about patients with diabetes in 130 hospitals in the USA for the years 1999 to 2008. this project contains extensive feature engineering followed by classification through supervised learning techniques and semi-supervised learning techniques. Please refer to the README file inside related folder for more information. The project code, the dataset and the report are available in the folder "Health-Care-Analysis".

The fourth project, "Reinforcement-Learning-Project" contains two different reinforcement learning strategy, namely Q-learning (QL) and deep Q-learning (DQL) for autonomous movement of a drone base station which are impelemnetd in Python. The environment of reinforcement learning for this project is an LTE network which is implemented in C++. Python and C++ communicated with each other through a shared memory. Please refer to the README file inside related folder for more information. The project code and the report are available in the folder "Reinforcement-Learning-Project".
